A company has an application that delivers on-demand training videos to students around the world. The application also allows authorized content developers to upload videos. The data is stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-2 Region. The company has created an S3 bucket in the eu-west-2 Region and an S3 bucket in the ap-southeast-1 Region. The company wants to replicate the data to the new S3 buckets. The company needs to minimize latency for developers who upload videos and students who stream videos near eu-west-2 and ap-southeast-1. Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the application? (Choose two.) 

A. Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the eu-west-2 S3 bucket. Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the ap-southeast-1 S3 bucket. 
B. Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the eu-west-2 S3 bucket. Configure one-way replication from the eu-west- 2 S3 bucket to the ap-southeast-1 S3 bucket. 
C. Configure two-way (bidirectional) replication among the S3 buckets that are in all three Regions. 
D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point. Modify the application to use the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point for video streaming. Do not modify the application for video uploads. 
E. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point. Modify the application to use the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point for video streaming and uploads.