A company has users all around the world accessing its HTTP-based application deployed on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions. The company wants to improve the availability and performance of the application. The company also wants to protect the application against common web exploits that may affect availability, compromise security, or consume excessive resources. Static IP addresses are required. What should a solutions architect recommend to accomplish this? 
A. Put the EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS WAF on the NLBs. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator and register the NLBs as endpoints. 
B. Put the EC2 instances behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS WAF on the ALBs. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator and register the ALBs as endpoints. 
C. Put the EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS WAF on the NLBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to the NLBs. 
D. Put the EC2 instances behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to the ALBs. Deploy AWS WAF on the CloudFront distribution

HTTP based application so ALB is required. because static IP addresses are required, we should use global accelerator: 
"By default, Global Accelerator provides you with static IP addresses that you associate with your accelerator."