A company wants to migrate its three-tier application from on premises to AWS. The web tier and the application tier are running on third- party virtual machines (VMs). The database tier is running on MySQL. The company needs to migrate the application by making the fewest possible changes to the architecture. The company also needs a database solution that can restore data to a specific point in time. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 

A. Migrate the web tier and the application tier to Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon RDS for MySQL in private subnets. 
B. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the application tier to EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon Aurora MySQL in private subnets. 
C. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the application tier to EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon RDS for MySQL in private subnets. 
D. Migrate the web tier and the application tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon Aurora MySQL in public subnets

Aurora provides automated backup and point-in-time recovery, simplifying backup management and data protection. Continuous incremental backups are taken automatically and stored in Amazon S3, and data retention periods can be specified to meet compliance requirements. 
RDS provides the same but first, the users should set a retention period for these backups, allowing historical data recovery in case of accidental data loss or corruption, and point-in-time recovery (PITR) allows users to restore the database to any specific moment within the set retention period.
