A social media company is creating a rewards program website for its users. The company gives users points when users create and upload videos to the website. Users redeem their points for gifts or discounts from the company's affiliated partners. A unique ID identifies users. The partners refer to this ID to verify user eligibility for rewards. The partners want to receive notification of user IDs through an HTTP endpoint when the company gives users points. Hundreds of vendors are interested in becoming affiliated partners every day. The company wants to design an architecture that gives the website the ability to add partners rapidly in a scalable way. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort? 

A. Create an Amazon Timestream database to keep a list of affiliated partners. Implement an AWS Lambda function to read the list. Configure the Lambda function to send user IDs to each partner when the company gives users points. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Choose an endpoint protocol. Subscribe the partners to the topic. Publish user IDs to the topic when the company gives users points. 
C. Create an AWS Step Functions state machine. Create a task for every affiliated partner. Invoke the state machine with user IDs as input when the company gives users points. 
D. Create a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Implement producer and consumer applications. Store a list of affiliated partners in the data stream. Send user IDs when the company gives users points