An application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a VPC. The application processes logs that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The EC2 instance needs to access the S3 bucket without connectivity to the internet. Which solution will provide private network connectivity to Amazon S3? 
应用程序在 VPC 中的 Amazon EC2 实例上运行。应用程序处理存储在 Amazon S3 存储桶中的日志。EC2 实例需要在不连接到 Internet 的情况下访问 S3 存储桶。哪种解决方案将提供与 Amazon S3 的私有网络连接？

A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint to the S3 bucket. 
A. 创建到 S3 存储桶的网关 VPC 终端节点。
Explain: Gateway VPC endpoint can connect to S3 bucket privately without additional cost

B. Stream the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Export the logs to the S3 bucket. 
B. 将日志流式传输到 Amazon CloudWatch Logs。将日志导出到 S3 存储桶。
Explain: You can set up interface VPC endpoint for CloudWatch Logs for private network from EC2 to CloudWatch. But from CloudWatch to S3 bucket: Log data can take up to 12 hours to become available for export and the requirement only need EC2 to S3

C. Create an instance profile on Amazon EC2 to allow S3 access. 
C. 在 Amazon EC2 上创建实例以允许 S3 访问。
Explain: Create an instance profile just grant access but not help EC2 connect to S3 privately

D. Create an Amazon API Gateway API with a private link to access the S3 endpoint
D. 使用私有链接创建 Amazon API Gateway API 以访问 S3 终端节点
Explain: API Gateway like the proxy which receive network from out site and it forward request to AWS Lambda, Amazon EC2, Elastic Load Balancing products such as Application Load Balancers or Classic Load Balancers, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon Kinesis, or any publicly available HTTPS-based endpoint. But not S3