A company is running an SMB file server in its data center. The file server stores large files that are accessed frequently for the first few days after the files are created. After 7 days the files are rarely accessed. The total data size is increasing and is close to the company's total storage capacity. A solutions architect must increase the company's available storage space without losing low-latency access to the most recently accessed files. The solutions architect must also provide file lifecycle management to avoid future storage issues. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Use AWS DataSync to copy data that is older than 7 days from the SMB file server to AWS. 

B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway to extend the company's storage space. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 7 days. 
Explain: Amazon S3 File Gateway provides a hybrid cloud storage solution, integrating on-premises environments with cloud storage. Files written to the file share are automatically saved as S3 objects. With S3 Lifecycle policies, you can transition objects between storage classes. Transitioning to Glacier Deep Archive is suitable for rarely accessed files. This solution addresses both the storage capacity and lifecycle management requirements
Amazon S3 File Gateway 提供混合云存储解决方案，将本地环境与云存储集成。写入文件共享的文件会自动另存为 S3 对象。借助 S3 生命周期策略，您可以在存储类之间转换对象。过渡到 Glacier Deep Archive 适用于很少访问的文件。此解决方案同时满足了存储容量和生命周期管理要求

C. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system to extend the company's storage space. 

D. Install a utility on each user's computer to access Amazon S3. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 7 days.