A company hosts a data lake on AWS. The data lake consists of data in Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company needs a reporting solution that provides data visualization and includes all the data sources within the data lake. Only the company's management team should have full access to all the visualizations. The rest of the company should have only limited access. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Create an analysis in Amazon QuickSight. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. Publish dashboards to visualize the data. Share the dashboards with the appropriate IAM roles. 

B. Create an analysis in Amazon QuickSight. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. Publish dashboards to visualize the data. Share the dashboards with the appropriate users and groups. 

C. Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to produce reports. Publish the reports to Amazon S3. Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports. 

D. Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena Federated Query to access data within Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. Generate reports by using Amazon Athena. Publish the reports to Amazon S3. Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports

Explain: 
A - Incorrect: Amazon QuickSight only support users(standard version) and groups (enterprise version). users and groups only exists without QuickSight. QuickSight don't support IAM. We use users and groups to view the QuickSight dashboard 
B - Correct: as explained in answer A and QuickSight is used to created dashboard from S3, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, Athena, OpenSearch, Timestream 
C - Incorrect: This way don't support visulization and don't mention how to process RDS data 
D - Incorrect: This way don't support visulization and don't mention how to combine data RDS and S3