A company is designing an application. The application uses an AWS Lambda function to receive information through Amazon API Gateway and to store the information in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database. During the proof-of-concept stage, the company has to increase the Lambda quotas significantly to handle the high volumes of data that the company needs to load into the database. A solutions architect must recommend a new design to improve scalability and minimize the configuration effort. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Refactor the Lambda function code to Apache Tomcat code that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Connect the database by using native Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) drivers. 

B. Change the platform from Aurora to Amazon DynamoDProvision a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster. Use the DAX client SDK to point the existing DynamoDB API calls at the DAX cluster. 

C. Set up two Lambda functions. Configure one function to receive the information. Configure the other function to load the information into the database. Integrate the Lambda functions by using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). 

D. Set up two Lambda functions. Configure one function to receive the information. Configure the other function to load the information into the database. Integrate the Lambda functions by using an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue.

Explain:
A: Incorrect - Lambda is Serverless and automatically scale - EC2 instance we have to create load balancer, auto scaling group,.. a lot of things. using native Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) drivers don't improve the performance. 
B: Incorrect - a lot of things to changes and DynamoDB Accelerator use for cache(read) not for write. 
C: Incorrect - SNS is use for send notification (e-mail, SMS). 
D: Correct - with SQS we can scale application well by queuing the data