A company is migrating applications to AWS. The applications are deployed in different accounts. The company manages the accounts centrally by using AWS Organizations. The company's security team needs a single sign-on (SSO) solution across all the company's accounts. The company must continue managing the users and groups in its on-premises self-managed Microsoft Active Directory. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console. Create a one-way forest trust or a one-way domain trust to connect the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory with AWS SSO by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory. 

B. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console. Create a two-way forest trust to connect the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory with AWS SSO by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory. 

C. Use AWS Directory Service. Create a two-way trust relationship with the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory. 

D. Deploy an identity provider (IdP) on premises. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console.

Explain:
as we have AWS SSO which requires two way trust. As per documentation - A two-way trust is required for AWS Enterprise Apps such as Amazon Chime, Amazon Connect, Amazon QuickSight, AWS IAM Identity Center (successor to AWS Single Sign-On), Amazon WorkDocs, Amazon WorkMail, Amazon WorkSpaces, and the AWS Management Console. AWS Managed Microsoft AD must be able to query the users and groups in your self-managed AD. Amazon EC2, Amazon RDS, and Amazon FSx will work with either a one-way or two-way trust