A company has an on-premises application that generates a large amount of time-sensitive data that is backed up to Amazon S3. The application has grown and there are user complaints about internet bandwidth limitations. A solutions architect needs to design a long-term solution that allows for both timely backups to Amazon S3 and with minimal impact on internet connectivity for internal users. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Establish AWS VPN connections and proxy all trafic through a VPC gateway endpoint. 

B. Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and direct backup trafic through this new connection. 

C. Order daily AWS Snowball devices. Load the data onto the Snowball devices and return the devices to AWS each day. 

D. Submit a support ticket through the AWS Management Console. Request the removal of S3 service limits from the account.

Explain:
A: VPN also goes through the internet and uses the bandwidth 
C: daily Snowball transfer is not really a long-term solution when it comes to cost and efficiency 
D: S3 limits don't change anything here

AWS Direct Connect is a network service that allows you to establish a dedicated network connection from your on-premises data center to AWS. This connection bypasses the public Internet and can provide more reliable, lower-latency communication between your on-premises application and Amazon S3. By directing backup traffic through the AWS Direct Connect connection, you can minimize the impact on your internet bandwidth and ensure timely backups to S3.