A company has more than 5 TB of file data on Windows file servers that run on premises. Users and applications interact with the data each day. The company is moving its Windows workloads to AWS. As the company continues this process, the company requires access to AWS and on- premises file storage with minimum latency. The company needs a solution that minimizes operational overhead and requires no significant changes to the existing file access patterns. The company uses an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection for connectivity to AWS. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

A. Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. Move the on-premises file data to FSx for Windows File Server. Reconfigure the workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. 

B. Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises. Move the on-premises file data to the S3 File Gateway. Reconfigure the on-premises workloads and the cloud workloads to use the S3 File Gateway. 

C. Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises. Move the on-premises file data to Amazon S3. Reconfigure the workloads to use either Amazon S3 directly or the S3 File Gateway. depending on each workload's location. 

D. Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. Deploy and configure an Amazon FSx File Gateway on premises. Move the on-premises file data to the FSx File Gateway. Configure the cloud workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. Configure the on-premises workloads to use the FSx File Gateway.