A company runs an on-premises application that is powered by a MySQL database. The company is migrating the application to AWS to increase the application's elasticity and availability. The current architecture shows heavy read activity on the database during times of normal operation. Every 4 hours, the company's development team pulls a full export of the production database to populate a database in the staging environment. During this period, users experience unacceptable application latency. The development team is unable to use the staging environment until the procedure completes. A solutions architect must recommend replacement architecture that alleviates the application latency issue. The replacement architecture also must give the development team the ability to continue using the staging environment without delay. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Populate the staging database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility. 

B. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Use database cloning to create the staging database on- demand. 

C. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Use the standby instance for the staging database. 

D. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Populate the staging database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility.