A company needs to move data from an Amazon EC2 instance to an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must ensure that no API calls and no data are routed through public internet routes. Only the EC2 instance can have access to upload data to the S3 bucket. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Create an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the subnet where the EC2 instance is located. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access. 

B. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the Availability Zone where the EC2 instance is located. Attach appropriate security groups to the endpoint. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access. 

C. Run the nslookup tool from inside the EC2 instance to obtain the private IP address of the S3 bucket’s service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access. 

D. Use the AWS provided, publicly available ip-ranges.json ¬ le to obtain the private IP address of the S3 bucket’s service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access

When you need to ensure that only specific Amazon EC2 instances can access your Amazon S3 bucket, but do not allow data to be routed over the public internet, you can consider the following two key concepts: 
VPC Endpoint:VPC endpoints are a way for EC2 instances to privately communicate with AWS services within your virtual private cloud (VPC). For Amazon S3, you can create an interface VPC endpoint, which allows EC2 instances to access S3 directly through a network connection within the VPC instead of going through the public Internet. 
IAM roles and S3 access control:You can use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to control EC2 instance access to S3 buckets. You can grant EC2 instances access to S3 by assigning them specific IAM roles. At the same time, you can set a resource policy (Resource Policy) on the S3 bucket to only allow specific IAM roles or specific EC2 instances to access.