A company offers a food delivery service that is growing rapidly. Because of the growth, the company’s order processing system is experiencing scaling problems during peak trafic hours. The current architecture includes the following: 
• A group of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to collect orders from the application 
• Another group of EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to fulfill orders 
The order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. Data must not be lost because of a scaling event. A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment process can both scale properly during peak trafic hours. The solution must optimize utilization of the company’s AWS resources. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups. Configure each Auto Scaling group’s minimum capacity according to peak workload values. 

B. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups. Configure a CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic that creates additional Auto Scaling groups on demand. 

C. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on notifications that the queues send. 

D. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Create a metric based on a backlog per instance calculation. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on this metric

C is incorrect as scaling based on the number of "notifications" doesn't make logical sense. This means that both the order collection and fulfilment instances would scale in parallel, but they have clearly said that the collection is processing quickly while the fulfilment is struggling. Therefore, we should scale the pool when there is a backlog building in a respective queue - not just based on the number of incoming requests.