A company has a serverless website with millions of objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company uses the S3 bucket as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company did not set encryption on the S3 bucket before the objects were loaded. A solutions architect needs to enable encryption for all existing objects and for all objects that are added to the S3 bucket in the future. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort? 

A. Create a new S3 bucket. Turn on the default encryption settings for the new S3 bucket. Download all existing objects to temporary local storage. Upload the objects to the new S3 bucket. 

B. Turn on the default encryption settings for the S3 bucket. Use the S3 Inventory feature to create a .csv file that lists the unencrypted objects. Run an S3 Batch Operations job that uses the copy command to encrypt those objects. 

C. Create a new encryption key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Change the settings on the S3 bucket to use server- side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS). Turn on versioning for the S3 bucket. 

D. Navigate to Amazon S3 in the AWS Management Console. Browse the S3 bucket’s objects. Sort by the encryption field. Select each unencrypted object. Use the Modify button to apply default encryption settings to every unencrypted object in the S3 bucket.

By enabling default encryption settings on the S3, all newly added objects will be automatically encrypted. To encrypt the existing objects, the S3 Inventory feature can be used to generate a list of unencrypted objects. Then, an S3 Batch Operations job can be executed to copy those objects while applying encryption.