A company wants to create an application to store employee data in a hierarchical structured relationship. The company needs a minimum- latency response to high-trafiqueries for the employee data and must protect any sensitive data. The company also needs to receive monthly email messages if any financial information is present in the employee data. Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

A. Use Amazon Redshift to store the employee data in hierarchies. Unload the data to Amazon S3 every month. 
B. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store the employee data in hierarchies. Export the data to Amazon S3 every month. 
C. Configure Amazon Macie for the AWS account. Integrate Macie with Amazon EventBridge to send monthly events to AWS Lambda. 
D. Use Amazon Athena to analyze the employee data in Amazon S3. Integrate Athena with Amazon QuickSight to publish analysis dashboards and share the dashboards with users. 
E. Configure Amazon Macie for the AWS account. Integrate Macie with Amazon EventBridge to send monthly notifications through an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) subscription.

B. Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides low-latency, high-performance storage for hierarchical data. It handle high-traffic queries and delivering fast responses to retrieve employee data efficiently. 
E. Amazon Macie is a service that uses machine learning to automatically discover, classify, and protect sensitive data in AWS. Integrating Macie with Amazon EventBridge allows you to receive events whenever any financial information is identified in the employee data. By using Amazon SNS, you can receive these notifications via email.