A company is preparing a new data platform that will ingest real-time streaming data from multiple sources. The company needs to transform the data before writing the data to Amazon S3. The company needs the ability to use SQL to query the transformed data. Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to transform the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the transformed data from Amazon S3. 
B. Use Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) to stream the data. Use AWS Glue to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the transformed data from Amazon S3. 
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to ingest the data. Use Amazon EMR to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the transformed data from Amazon S3. 
D. Use Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) to stream the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use the Amazon RDS query editor to query the transformed data from Amazon 
S3. E. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the data. Use AWS Glue to transform the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to write the data to Amazon S3. Use the Amazon RDS query editor to query the transformed data from Amazon S3.

The solutions that meet the requirements of streaming real-time data, transforming the data before writing to S3, and querying the transformed data using SQL are A and B. 
Option C: This option is not ideal for streaming real-time data as AWS DMS is not optimized for real-time data ingestion. 
Option D & E: These option are not recommended as the Amazon RDS query editor is not designed for querying data in S3, and it is not efficient for running complex queries.