A company deploys an application on five Amazon EC2 instances. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) distributes trafic to the instances by using a target group. The average CPU usage on each of the instances is below 10% most of the time, with occasional surges to 65%. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to automate the scalability of the application. The solution must optimize the cost of the architecture and must ensure that the application has enough CPU resources when surges occur. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that enters the ALARM state when the CPUUtilization metric is less than 20%. Create an AWS Lambda function that the CloudWatch alarm invokes to terminate one of the EC2 instances in the ALB target group. 
B. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Select the existing ALB as the load balancer and the existing target group as the target group. Set a target tracking scaling policy that is based on the ASGAverageCPUUtilization metric. Set the minimum instances to 2, the desired capacity to 3, the maximum instances to 6, and the target value to 50%. Add the EC2 instances to the Auto Scaling group. 
C. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Select the existing ALB as the load balancer and the existing target group as the target group. Set the minimum instances to 2, the desired capacity to 3, and the maximum instances to 6. Add the EC2 instances to the Auto Scaling group. 
D. Create two Amazon CloudWatch alarms. Configure the first CloudWatch alarm to enter the ALARM state when the average CPUUtilization metric is below 20%. Configure the second CloudWatch alarm to enter the ALARM state when the average CPUUtilization matric is above 50%. Configure the alarms to publish to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send an email message. After receiving the message, log in to decrease or increase the number of EC2 instances that are running.