A company is running a critical business application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group and access an Amazon RDS DB instance. The design did not pass an operational review because the EC2 instances and the DB instance are all located in a single Availability Zone. A solutions architect must update the design to use a second Availability Zone. Which solution will make the application highly available? 

A. Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance with connections to each network. 
B. Provision two subnets that extend across both Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance with connections to each network. 
C. Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance for Multi-AZ deployment. 
D. Provision a subnet that extends across both Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance for Multi-AZ deployment.

A subnet must reside within a single Availability Zone. 
https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/faqs/#:~:text=Can%20a%20subnet%20span%20Availability,within%20a%20single%20Availability%20Zone