A company runs a three-tier web application in the AWS Cloud that operates across three Availability Zones. The application architecture has an Application Load Balancer, an Amazon EC2 web server that hosts user session states, and a MySQL database that runs on an EC2 instance. The company expects sudden increases in application trafic. The company wants to be able to scale to meet future application capacity demands and to ensure high availability across all three Availability Zones. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis with high availability to store session data and to cache reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones. 
B. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with high availability to store session data and to cache reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones. 
C. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon DynamoDB Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to cache reads. Store the session data in DynamoDB. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones. 
D. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL in a single Availability Zone. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis with high availability to store session data and to cache reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones