A company runs an application in a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC extends across multiple Availability Zones. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. The application uses an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. A solutions architect needs to design a secure solution to establish a connection between the EC2 instances and the SQS queue. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the private subnets. Add to the endpoint a security group that has an inbound access rule that allows trafic from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets. 
B. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public subnets. Attach to the interface endpoint a VPC endpoint policy that allows access from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets. 
C. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public subnets. Attach an Amazon SQS access policy to the interface VPC endpoint that allows requests from only a specified VPC endpoint. 
D. Implement a gateway endpoint for Amazon SQS. Add a NAT gateway to the private subnets. Attach an IAM role to the EC2 instances that allows access to the SQS queue

An interface VPC endpoint is a private way to connect to AWS services without having to expose your VPC to the public internet. This is the most secure way to connect to Amazon SQS from the private subnets.
Configuring the endpoint to use the private subnets ensures that the traffic between the EC2 instances and the SQS queue is only within the VPC. This helps to protect the traffic from being intercepted by a malicious actor
Adding a security group to the endpoint that has an inbound access rule that allows traffic from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets further restricts the traffic to only the authorized sources. This helps to prevent unauthorized access to the SQS queue.