A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) clusters and Amazon RDS DB instances to build and run a payment processing application. The company will run the application in its on-premises data center for compliance purposes. A solutions architect wants to use AWS Outposts as part of the solution. The solutions architect is working with the company's operational team to build the application. Which activities are the responsibility of the company's operational team? (Choose three.) 

A. Providing resilient power and network connectivity to the Outposts racks 
B. Managing the virtualization hypervisor, storage systems, and the AWS services that run on Outposts 
C. Physical security and access controls of the data center environment 
D. Availability of the Outposts infrastructure including the power supplies, servers, and networking equipment within the Outposts racks 
E. Physical maintenance of Outposts components 
F. Providing extra capacity for Amazon ECS clusters to mitigate server failures and maintenance events

With Outposts, you are responsible for providing resilient power and network connectivity to the Outpost racks to meet your availability requirements for workloads running on Outposts. You are responsible for the physical security and access controls of the data center environment. You must provide sufficient power, space, and cooling to keep the Outpost operational and network connections to connect the Outpost back to the Region. Since Outpost capacity is finite and determined by the size and number of racks AWS installs at your site, you must decide how much EC2, EBS, and S3 on Outposts capacity you need to run your initial workloads, accommodate future growth, and to provide extra capacity to mitigate server failures and maintenance events.