A company has created an image analysis application in which users can upload photos and add photo frames to their images. The users upload images and metadata to indicate which photo frames they want to add to their images. The application uses a single Amazon EC2 instance and Amazon DynamoDB to store the metadata. The application is becoming more popular, and the number of users is increasing. The company expects the number of concurrent users to vary signi¬ cantly depending on the time of day and day of week. The company must ensure that the application can scale to meet the needs of the growing user base. Which solution meats these requirements? 

A. Use AWS Lambda to process the photos. Store the photos and metadata in DynamoDB. 

B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to process the photos and to store the photos and metadata. 

C. Use AWS Lambda to process the photos. Store the photos in Amazon S3. Retain DynamoDB to store the metadata. 

D. Increase the number of EC2 instances to three. Use Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes to store the photos and metadata.

Explain:
Solution C offloads the photo processing to Lambda. Storing the photos in S3 ensures scalability and durability, while keeping the metadata in DynamoDB allows for efficient querying of the associated information. 
Option A does not provide an appropriate solution for storing the photos, as DynamoDB is not suitable for storing large binary data like images. 
Option B is more focused on real-time streaming data processing and is not the ideal service for processing and storing photos and metadata in this use case. 
Option D involves manual scaling and management of EC2 instances, which is less flexible and more labor-intensive compared to the serverless nature of Lambda. It may not efficiently handle the varying number of concurrent users and can introduce higher operational overhead.