A medical records company is hosting an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes customer data files that are stored on Amazon S3. The EC2 instances are hosted in public subnets. The EC2 instances access Amazon S3 over the internet, but they do not require any other network access. A new requirement mandates that the network trafic for file transfers take a private route and not be sent over the internet. Which change to the network architecture should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 

A. Create a NAT gateway. Configure the route table for the public subnets to send trafic to Amazon S3 through the NAT gateway. 

B. Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to restrict outbound trafic so that only trafic to the S3 prefix list is permitted. 

C. Move the EC2 instances to private subnets. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3, and link the endpoint to the route table for the private subnets. 

D. Remove the internet gateway from the VPC. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection, and route trafic to Amazon S3 over the Direct Connect connection.

Explain:
Option A (creating a NAT gateway) would not meet the requirement since it still involves sending traffic to S3 over the internet. NAT gateway is used for outbound internet connectivity from private subnets, but it doesn't provide a private route for accessing S3. 

Option B (configuring security groups) focuses on controlling outbound traffic using security groups. While it can restrict outbound traffic, it doesn't provide a private route for accessing S3. 
Option D (setting up Direct Connect) involves establishing a dedicated private network connection between the on-premises environment and AWS. While it offers private connectivity, it is more suitable for hybrid scenarios and not necessary for achieving private access to S3 within the VPC.