A company has implemented a self-managed DNS solution on three Amazon EC2 instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in the us- west-2 Region. Most of the company's users are located in the United States and Europe. The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the solution. The company launches and con¬ gures three EC2 instances in the eu-west-1 Region and adds the EC2 instances as targets for a new NLB. Which solution can the company use to route trafic to all the EC2 instances? 

A. Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the two NLBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution’s origin. 

B. Create a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Create endpoint groups in us-west-2 and eu-west-1. Add the two NLBs as endpoints for the endpoint groups. 

C. Attach Elastic IP addresses to the six EC2 instances. Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the six EC2 instances. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin. 

D. Replace the two NLBs with two Application Load Balancers (ALBs). Create an Amazon Route 53 latency routing policy to route requests to one of the two ALBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution’s origin.

Explain:
Not A: CloudFront is not for DNS 
Not C: Involves CloudFront which is not needed, otherwise would work but ignore the NLBs 
Not D: ALB can't handle DNS