A company wants to run applications in containers in the AWS Cloud. These applications are stateless and can tolerate disruptions within the underlying infrastructure. The company needs a solution that minimizes cost and operational overhead. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

A. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers. 
B. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node group. 
C. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers. 
D. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node group.

Explain:
Spot instances for disruption friendly containers which are also cheaper. EKS allows using spot instances from a managed node group that takes away the EC2 operational overhead. 
Link: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/amazon-eks-now-supports-provisioning-and-managing-ec2-spot-instances-in-managed-node- groups/ 
"Previously, customers had to run Spot Instances as self-managed worker nodes in their EKS clusters. This meant doing some heavy lifting such as building and maintaining configuration for Spot Instances in EC2 Auto Scaling groups, deploying a tool for handling Spot interruptions gracefully, deploying AMI updates, and updating the kubelet version running on their worker nodes. Now, all you need to do is supply a single parameter to indicate that a managed node group should launch Spot Instances, and provide multiple instance types that would be used by the underlying EC2 Auto Scaling group."