A gaming company is designing a highly available architecture. The application runs on a modified Linux kernel and supports only UDP-based trafic. The company needs the front-end tier to provide the best possible user experience. That tier must have low latency, route trafic to the nearest edge location, and provide static IP addresses for entry into the application endpoints. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

A. Configure Amazon Route 53 to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer. Use AWS Lambda for the application in AWS Application Auto Scaling. 

B. Configure Amazon CloudFront to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer. Use AWS Lambda for the application in an AWS Application Auto Scaling group. 

C. Configure AWS Global Accelerator to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer. Use Amazon EC2 instances for the application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group. 

D. Configure Amazon API Gateway to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer. Use Amazon EC2 instances for the application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group

Explain:
AWS Global Accelerator and Amazon CloudFront are separate services that use the AWS global network and its edge locations around the world. 
CloudFront improves performance for both cacheable content (such as images and videos) and dynamic content (such as API acceleration and dynamic site delivery). 
Global Accelerator improves performance for a wide range of applications over TCP or UDP by proxying packets at the edge to applications running in one or more AWS Regions. Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use cases that specifically require static IP addresses or deterministic, fast regional failover. Both services integrate with AWS Shield for DDoS protection.
A Network Load Balancer is a layer 4 load balancer that can handle UDP traffic and provide static IP addresses for the application endpoints