An ecommerce company has an order-processing application that uses Amazon API Gateway and an AWS Lambda function. The application stores data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database. During a recent sales event, a sudden surge in customer orders occurred. Some customers experienced timeouts, and the application did not process the orders of those customers. A solutions architect determined that the CPU utilization and memory utilization were high on the database because of a large number of open connections. The solutions architect needs to prevent the timeout errors while making the least possible changes to the application. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function. Modify the database to be a global database in multiple AWS Regions. 

B. Use Amazon RDS Proxy to create a proxy for the database. Modify the Lambda function to use the RDS Proxy endpoint instead of the database endpoint. 

C. Create a read replica for the database in a different AWS Region. Use query string parameters in API Gateway to route trafic to the read replica. 

D. Migrate the data from Aurora PostgreSQL to Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Modify the Lambda function to use the DynamoDB table.

Many applications, including those built on modern serverless architectures, can have a large number of open connections to the database server and may open and close database connections at a high rate, exhausting database memory and compute resources. Amazon RDS Proxy allows applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving database efficiency and application scalability