A company is building a web application that serves a content management system. The content management system runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Users are constantly adding and updating files, blogs, and other website assets in the content management system. A solutions architect must implement a solution in which all the EC2 instances share up-to-date website content with the least possible lag time. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Update the EC2 user data in the Auto Scaling group lifecycle policy to copy the website assets from the EC2 instance that was launched most recently. Configure the ALB to make changes to the website assets only in the newest EC2 instance. 
B. Copy the website assets to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Configure each EC2 instance to mount the EFS file system locally. Configure the website hosting application to reference the website assets that are stored in the EFS file system. 
C. Copy the website assets to an Amazon S3 bucket. Ensure that each EC2 instance downloads the website assets from the S3 bucket to the attached Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Run the S3 sync command once each hour to keep files up to date. 
D. Restore an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshot with the website assets. Attach the EBS snapshot as a secondary EBS volume when a new EC2 instance is launched. Configure the website hosting application to reference the website assets that are stored in the secondary EBS volume