A company creates dedicated AWS accounts in AWS Organizations for its business units. Recently, an important notifucation was sent to the root user email address of a business unit account instead of the assigned account owner. The company wants to ensure that all future notifucations can be sent to different employees based on the notifucation categories of billing, operations, or security. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely? 

A. Confugure each AWS account to use a single email address that the company manages. Ensure that all account owners can access the email account to receive notifucations. Confugure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit. 
B. Confugure each AWS account to use a different email distribution list for each business unit that the company manages. Confugure each distribution list with administrator email addresses that can respond to alerts. Confugure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit. 
C. Confugure each AWS account root user email address to be the individual company managed email address of one person from each business unit. Confugure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit. 
D. Confugure each AWS account root user to use email aliases that go to a centralized mailbox. Confugure alternate contacts for each account by using a single business managed email distribution list each for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team