A company wants to create a mobile app that allows users to stream slow-motion video clips on their mobile devices. Currently, the app captures video clips and uploads the video clips in raw format into an Amazon S3 bucket. The app retrieves these video clips directly from the S3 bucket. However, the videos are large in their raw format. Users are experiencing issues with buffering and playback on mobile devices. The company wants to implement solutions to maximize the performance and scalability of the app while minimizing operational overhead. Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

A. Deploy Amazon CloudFront for content delivery and caching. 
B. Use AWS DataSync to replicate the video files across AW'S Regions in other S3 buckets. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Transcoder to convert the video files to more appropriate formats. 
D. Deploy an Auto Sealing group of Amazon EC2 instances in Local Zones for content delivery and caching. 
E. Deploy an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to convert the video files to more appropriate formats

A: Deploy Amazon CloudFront for content delivery and caching: Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that can help improve the performance and scalability of the app by caching content at edge locations, reducing latency, and improving the delivery of video clips to users. CloudFront can also provide features such as DDoS protection, SSL/TLS encryption, and content compression to optimize the delivery of video clips. 
C: Use Amazon Elastic Transcoder to convert the video files to more appropriate formats: Amazon Elastic Transcoder is a service that can help optimize the video format for mobile devices, reducing the size of the video files, and imp