A company wants to run an in-memory database for a latency-sensitive application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes more than 100,000 transactions each minute and requires high network throughput. A solutions architect needs to provide a cost- effective network design that minimizes data transfer charges. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Launch all EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone within the same AWS Region. Specify a placement group with cluster strategy when launching EC2 instances. 
B. Launch all EC2 instances in different Availability Zones within the same AWS Region. Specify a placement group with partition strategy when launching EC2 instances. 
C. Deploy an Auto Scaling group to launch EC2 instances in different Availability Zones based on a network utilization target. 
D. Deploy an Auto Scaling group with a step scaling policy to launch EC2 instances in different Availability Zones

• Launching instances within a single AZ and using a cluster placement group provides the lowest network latency and highest bandwidth between instances. This maximizes performance for an in-memory database and high-throughput application. 
• Communications between instances in the same AZ and placement group are free, minimizing data transfer charges. Inter-AZ and public IP traffic can incur charges. 
• A cluster placement group enables the instances to be placed close together within the AZ, allowing the high network throughput required. Partition groups span AZs, reducing bandwidth. 
• Auto Scaling across zones could launch instances in AZs that increase data transfer charges. It may reduce network throughput, impacting performance.