A company uses a legacy application to produce data in CSV format. The legacy application stores the output data in Amazon S3. The company is deploying a new commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) application that can perform complex SQL queries to analyze data that is stored in Amazon Redshift and Amazon S3 only. However, the COTS application cannot process the .csv files that the legacy application produces. The company cannot update the legacy application to produce data in another format. The company needs to implement a solution so that the COTS application can use the data that the legacy application produces. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 

A. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job that runs on a schedule. Configure the ETL job to process the .csv files and store the processed data in Amazon Redshift. 

B. Develop a Python script that runs on Amazon EC2 instances to convert the .csv files to .sql files. Invoke the Python script on a cron schedule to store the output files in Amazon S3. 

C. Create an AWS Lambda function and an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use an S3 event to invoke the Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to perform an extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to process the .csv files and store the processed data in the DynamoDB table. 

D. Use Amazon EventBridge to launch an Amazon EMR cluster on a weekly schedule. Configure the EMR cluster to perform an extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to process the .csv files and store the processed data in an Amazon Redshift table