A company is hosting a web application from an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses Amazon Cognito as an identity provider to authenticate users and return a JSON Web Token (JWT) that provides access to protected resources that are stored in another S3 bucket. Upon deployment of the application, users report errors and are unable to access the protected content. A solutions architect must resolve this issue by providing proper permissions so that users can access the protected content. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Update the Amazon Cognito identity pool to assume the proper IAM role for access to the protected content. 
B. Update the S3 ACL to allow the application to access the protected content. 
C. Redeploy the application to Amazon S3 to prevent eventually consistent reads in the S3 bucket from affecting the ability of users to access the protected content. 
D. Update the Amazon Cognito pool to use custom attribute mappings within the identity pool and grant users the proper permissions to access the protected content

Amazon Cognito provides authentication and user management services for web and mobile applications. In this scenario, the application is using Amazon Cognito as an identity provider to authenticate users and obtain JSON Web Tokens (JWTs). The JWTs are used to access protected resources stored in another S3 bucket. To grant users access to the protected content, the proper IAM role needs to be assumed by the identity pool in Amazon Cognito. By updating the Amazon Cognito identity pool with the appropriate IAM role, users will be authorized to access the protected content in the S3 bucket.