A company hosts a multiplayer gaming application on AWS. The company wants the application to read data with sub-millisecond latency and run one-time queries on historical data. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 

A. Use Amazon RDS for data that is frequently accessed. Run a periodic custom script to export the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
B. Store the data directly in an Amazon S3 bucket. Implement an S3 Lifecycle policy to move older data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive for long-term storage. Run one-time queries on the data in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena. 
C. Use Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for data that is frequently accessed. Export the data to an Amazon S3 bucket by using DynamoDB table export. Run one-time queries on the data in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena. 
D. Use Amazon DynamoDB for data that is frequently accessed. Turn on streaming to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to read the data from Kinesis Data Streams. Store the records in an Amazon S3 bucket.

Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) is a fully managed, in-memory caching solution for DynamoDB. DAX can improve the performance of DynamoDB by up to 10x. This makes it a good choice for data that needs to be accessed with sub-millisecond latency. DynamoDB table export allows you to export data from DynamoDB to an S3 bucket. This can be useful for running one-time queries on historical data. Amazon Athena is a serverless, interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze data in Amazon S3. Athena can be used to run one-time queries on the data in the S3 bucket.