A hospital is designing a new application that gathers symptoms from patients. The hospital has decided to use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) in the architecture. A solutions architect is reviewing the infrastructure design. Data must be encrypted at rest and in transit. Only authorized personnel of the hospital should be able to access the data. Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

A. Turn on server-side encryption on the SQS components. Update the default key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. 
B. Turn on server-side encryption on the SNS components by using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply a key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. 
C. Turn on encryption on the SNS components. Update the default key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. Set a condition in the topic policy to allow only encrypted connections over TLS. 
D. Turn on server-side encryption on the SQS components by using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply a key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. Set a condition in the queue policy to allow only encrypted connections over TLS. 
E. Turn on server-side encryption on the SQS components by using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply an IAM policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. Set a condition in the queue policy to allow only encrypted connections over TLS.

A and C involve 'updating the default key policy' which is not something you. Either you create a key policy, OR AWS assigns THE "default key policy". 
E 'applies an IAM policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals' which is not how IAM policies work. You can 'apply an IAM policy to restrict key usage', but it would be restricted to the principals who have the policy attached; you can't specify them in the policy. 
Leaves B and D. That B lacks the TLS statement is irrelevant because "all requests to topics with SSE enabled must use HTTPS" anyway.