A company is using Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to its UDP-based application for users around the world. The application is hosted on redundant servers in the company's on-premises data centers in the United States, Asia, and Europe. The company’s compliance requirements state that the application must be hosted on premises. The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the application. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

A. Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator, and register the NLBs as its endpoints. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS. 
B. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator, and register the ALBs as its endpoints. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS. 
C. Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. In Route 53, create a latency-based record that points to the three NLBs, and use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS. 
D. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. In Route 53, create a latency-based record that points to the three ALBs, and use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS.

C - D: Cloudfront don't support UDP/TCP 
B: Global accelerator don't support ALB