A company is running several business applications in three separate VPCs within the us-east-1 Region. The applications must be able to communicate between VPCs. The applications also must be able to consistently send hundreds of gigabytes of data each day to a latency- sensitive application that runs in a single on-premises data center. A solutions architect needs to design a network connectivity solution that maximizes cost-effectiveness. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Configure three AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections from the data center to AWS. Establish connectivity by configuring one VPN connection for each VPC. 
B. Launch a third-party virtual network appliance in each VPC. Establish an IPsec VPN tunnel between the data center and each virtual appliance. 
C. Set up three AWS Direct Connect connections from the data center to a Direct Connect gateway in us-east-1. Establish connectivity by configuring each VPC to use one of the Direct Connect connections. 
D. Set up one AWS Direct Connect connection from the data center to AWS. Create a transit gateway, and attach each VPC to the transit gateway. Establish connectivity between the Direct Connect connection and the transit gateway

AWS Transit Gateway connects your Amazon Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) and on-premises networks through a central hub. This connection simplifies your network and puts an end to complex peering relationships. Transit Gateway acts as a highly scalable cloud router—each new connection is made only