An ecommerce company needs to run a scheduled daily job to aggregate and filter sales records for analytics. The company stores the sales records in an Amazon S3 bucket. Each object can be up to 10 GB in size. Based on the number of sales events, the job can take up to an hour to complete. The CPU and memory usage of the job are constant and are known in advance. A solutions architect needs to minimize the amount of operational effort that is needed for the job to run. Which solution meets these requirements? 

A. Create an AWS Lambda function that has an Amazon EventBridge notification. Schedule the EventBridge event to run once a day. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function. Create an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API, and integrate the API with the function. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that calls the API and invokes the function. 
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job. 
D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an Amazon EC2 launch type and an Auto Scaling group with at least one EC2 instance. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job.

The requirement is to run a daily scheduled job to aggregate and filter sales records for analytics in the most efficient way possible. Based on the requirement, we can eliminate option A and B since they use AWS Lambda which has a limit of 15 minutes of execution time, which may not be sufficient for a job that can take up to an hour to complete. 
Between options C and D, option C is the better choice since it uses AWS Fargate which is a serverless compute engine for containers that eliminates the need to manage the underlying EC2 instances, making it a low operational effort solution. Additionally, Fargate also provides instant scale-up and scale-down capabilities to run the scheduled job as per the requirement.