A company is developing a mobile gaming app in a single AWS Region. The app runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. The company stores the app data in Amazon DynamoDB. The app communicates by using TCP trafic and UDP trafic between the users and the servers. The application will be used globally. The company wants to ensure the lowest possible latency for all users. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Use AWS Global Accelerator to create an accelerator. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) behind an accelerator endpoint that uses Global Accelerator integration and listening on the TCP and UDP ports. Update the Auto Scaling group to register instances on the ALB. 
B. Use AWS Global Accelerator to create an accelerator. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) behind an accelerator endpoint that uses Global Accelerator integration and listening on the TCP and UDP ports. Update the Auto Scaling group to register instances on the NLB. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN) endpoint. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) behind the endpoint and listening on the TCP and UDP ports. Update the Auto Scaling group to register instances on the NLB. Update CloudFront to use the NLB as the origin. 
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN) endpoint. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) behind the endpoint and listening on the TCP and UDP ports. Update the Auto Scaling group to register instances on the ALB. Update CloudFront to use the ALB as the origin.