A company wants to use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server for its Amazon EC2 instances that have an SMB file share mounted as a volume in the us-east-1 Region. The company has a recovery point objective (RPO) of 5 minutes for planned system maintenance or unplanned service disruptions. The company needs to replicate the file system to the us-west-2 Region. The replicated data must not be deleted by any user for 5 years. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Single-AZ 2 deployment type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in compliance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. 
B. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Multi-AZ deployment type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in governance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. 
C. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Multi-AZ deployment type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in compliance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. 
D. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Single-AZ 2 deployment type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in governance mode for a target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years

A and C is potential answer because they mention compliance mode. But single AZ is recommended for test and development only. For production workloads, we need multi AZ, which is C