A company is developing a new application on AWS. The application consists of an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster, an Amazon S3 bucket that contains assets for the application, and an Amazon RDS for MySQL database that contains the dataset for the application. The dataset contains sensitive information. The company wants to ensure that only the ECS cluster can access the data in the RDS for MySQL database and the data in the S3 bucket. Which solution will meet these requirements? 

A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt both the S3 bucket and the RDS for MySQL database. Ensure that the KMS key policy includes encrypt and decrypt permissions for the ECS task execution role. 
B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key to encrypt both the S3 bucket and the RDS for MySQL database. Ensure that the S3 bucket policy specifies the ECS task execution role as a user. 
C. Create an S3 bucket policy that restricts bucket access to the ECS task execution role. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon RDS for MySQL. Update the RDS for MySQL security group to allow access from only the subnets that the ECS cluster will generate tasks in. 
D. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon RDS for MySQL. Update the RDS for MySQL security group to allow access from only the subnets that the ECS cluster will generate tasks in. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from only the S3 VPC endpoint.