A company needs a solution to enforce data encryption at rest on Amazon EC2 instances. The solution must automatically identify noncompliant resources and enforce compliance policies on findings. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 

A. Use an IAM policy that allows users to create only encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Config and AWS Systems Manager to automate the detection and remediation of unencrypted EBS volumes. 
B. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to manage access to encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Lambda and Amazon EventBridge to automate the detection and remediation of unencrypted EBS volumes. 
C. Use Amazon Macie to detect unencrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Systems Manager Automation rules to automatically encrypt existing and new EBS volumes. 
D. Use Amazon inspector to detect unencrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Systems Manager Automation rules to automatically encrypt existing and new EBS volumes

By creating an IAM policy that allows users to create only encrypted EBS volumes, you proactively prevent the creation of unencrypted volumes. Using AWS Config, you can set up rules to detect noncompliant resources, and AWS Systems Manager Automation can be used for automated remediation. This approach provides a proactive and automated solution.

B: Too much work 
C: Macie is for PII and sensitive data not for encrypted volumes 
D: Inspector for OS patching and vulnerability detections