A company that uses AWS needs a solution to predict the resources needed for manufacturing processes each month. The solution must use historical values that are currently stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company has no machine learning (ML) experience and wants to use a managed service for the training and predictions. Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

A. Deploy an Amazon SageMaker model. Create a SageMaker endpoint for inference. 
B. Use Amazon SageMaker to train a model by using the historical data in the S3 bucket. 
C. Configure an AWS Lambda function with a function URL that uses Amazon SageMaker endpoints to create predictions based on the inputs. 
D. Configure an AWS Lambda function with a function URL that uses an Amazon Forecast predictor to create a prediction based on the inputs. 
E. Train an Amazon Forsecast predictor by using the historical data in the S3 bucket

Amazon Forecast is a fully managed service that uses machine learning (ML) to generate highly accurate forecasts without requiring any prior ML experience. Forecast is applicable in a wide variety of use cases, including estimating product demand, energy demand, workforce planning, computing cloud infrastructure usage, traffic demand, supply chain optimization, and financial planning.
Publish demand using AWS Lambda, AWS Step Functions, and Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to periodically (hourly) query the database and write the past X-months (count from the current timestamp) demand data into the source Amazon S3.