A company manages AWS accounts in AWS Organizations. AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) and AWS Control Tower are configured for the accounts. The company wants to manage multiple user permissions across all the accounts. The permissions will be used by multiple IAM users and must be split between the developer and administrator teams. Each team requires different permissions. The company wants a solution that includes new users that are hired on both teams. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center for each account. Create separate developer and administrator groups in IAM Identity Center. Assign the users to the appropriate groups. Create a custom IAM policy for each group to set fine-grained permissions. 
B. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center for each account. Create separate developer and administrator groups in IAM Identity Center. Assign the users to the appropriate groups. Attach AWS managed IAM policies to each user as needed for fine-grained permissions. 
C. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center. Create new developer and administrator groups in IAM Identity Center. Create new permission sets that include the appropriate IAM policies for each group. Assign the new groups to the appropriate accounts. Assign the new permission sets to the new groups. When new users are hired, add them to the appropriate group. 
D. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center. Create new permission sets that include the appropriate IAM policies for each user. Assign the users to the appropriate accounts. Grant additional IAM permissions to the users from within specific accounts. When new users are hired, add them to IAM Identity Center and assign them to the accounts.